 How many steps are there in the whole process? True, this depends on the whole but it's usually fine. So I don't know if you've been able to hear terminology presentation. Let'sical analysis is one of the words or terms but it might be. It might just be worth you jotting a note that this is in your toad and it's in this presentation. All like I said before might be true. So it should there be one fruit at least then? I think it would be useful to use it out in if I have them. Let'sical. L-E-X. There you go. Yeah, perfect. I had it in the folder. So you were really happy? Maybe it was on that. What if it was the previous worksheet? I'm going to start it up. Monday will choose to restart it this, don't we? Miss please. Was on international women's day because we looked up important computing chicks first? Well, no, it's just gone. It's there. Harrison, do you have it now, my love? Yeah, we're there. This is from Nature App. This is programming languages in sort of systems software and applications generation, which is here in two. So yeah, system software is probably what you called it. Yeah, that's what we call it. It's proper snow. I probably don't want to get snowed in school for a weekend. So I'm going to sit there. No, you were sure with me. Me too, all of the juice back is telling me I'm going to happen. That's correct. All right, I'm trusting. So the key words, constants and identifiers are replaced with tokens and those tokens represent the function. They don't represent the word, they represent the what does it do? All right? So our first line in the compiler and compilation changes. That's how it's faces. It's really the comments and tokenizes various elements of the product. If we look at the code, the code is 17 print, age. The tokens produce from that in the electrical analysis stage, give us identity fire, which is age, operata, the econ symbol, number, which is 17. Key word print, open bracket, identity fire, age, code bracket. Okay? So first stage of compilation turns those two short lines of code into a series of tokens. Everyone happy? Cool, we're on the go. Then the Lexa builds up a symbol table for every key word and every identity fire in the program. And the symbol table helps it to keep track of the runtime and the memory address that each identity fire. So age, sorry, I flipped too fast. Would go in there and it would have an address for that identifier. Yeah? So as well as removing the spaces, get rid of the comments, tokenizing our code, it then also puts the model in a table that tells it where the symbolizes things are going to live in the memory address register. Happy? Okay. Then we get to syntax analysis. Now when you're coding, you get a syntax error, similar, similar. Okay? This is the syntax that it's looking for. That stream of tokens is then split up into phrases. Okay? Each phrase is passed, but at the spelling, it doesn't mean passed as in past the parcel. It means it's checked against the rules, which comes from the French past side, your past song. Just so that you know, that doesn't matter at all. But past, although it sounds like P-A-D-S-E-D, it's actually got my winning. If the phrase is invalid, it notes an error at that stage, at the syntax error. And that is why you get a syntax error. Okay? Because your token has been turned into a phrase, which has been passed, and then it's gone, no, there's an error here. Syntax error, rewrite your code. Yep. For example, this sequence of tokens may not be valid, and will be picked up by the syntax analysis. Number, operator, identifier. So for example, a source code might be 5 equals 0. Why would that sequence of tokens not be valid, do we think? Because it will try to......to depend on......so... Probably because the syntax of the language forbids numbers from being a variable name. I was just... I think we'll number that....the identifier point of 5. It could work the other way around, wouldn't it? It was 5, but it wouldn't work 5 people's own. Right? Okay. So here in rules, the language rules have to be identified. Defined, in the compiler. Okay? The rules can be given as a diagram. All right? So the letter would be the rules of this......would say that the letters A, B, and C are permitted. And that to make a word, we would have any combination of those three letters. So if this is the rule for this syntax, in this language, what word could I have? ABC. I could have cab. Oh, so it has to be made up of what is in the rule set. So my combination term, my only word options would be ABC. B, I, C, C, I, B, C, B. C, A, B. Did I say that? No, I think so. I think I said that. Well, you said that at the beginning, and I'll leave you just a second. All right. So yeah, okay. That's it. That's all that would be allowed in this particular language. Okay. So what if we take a normal programming language with that table, the syntax rules where it says A, B, and C, would that be extended to have all the way from A to Z? Yes, absolutely. Would it have the balance? And every, every, everything. So for example, the syntax rules for Python run to maybe 20,000 lines, or things that are acceptable, because you've got all of the characters on the keyboard, you've got all of the identifiers, you've got all of the variables, you've got all of the preset programs. So all of that is written in this syntax rules? Absolutely. Is that in one file, or is it split? I don't know. I don't know. Homework. Fine. Okay. So now to tell us to under worksheet. I don't know how syntax rules are for Python and Hell. That would be a huge part. Oh, please tell me, indeed. Did I not send to the worksheet? I'll send it again. It's maybe a Tism. I'm sorry. I don't think I've got a pen. Where was my friend on Windows? Or were we just chatting in throat, either thing? Oh, did the green pen stuff and then do a bit? We did a green pen. Yeah, that would be quite good. Because we did this. We just did a really quick flick through in the last few minutes to me. There we go. Is it really hot in here? Or is it just man? Quite warm. Very warm. So that makes you have to have a flat floor in my business. So that's three plus one per street before the two plus two. That's a mid-set. You look like that. I'll just have time for a minute. I'll get a second one in my head. Some sort of handshake. Oh, we're pretty good. We have to do our own perimeter. Next question. How click it? Ho, ho, ho, ho. This is where she This is very true, always about this. And it's just that when it starts in December, it would make the sense that we get cold. And that's when we're making our day. The man is quite hot, maybe i should get midnight.18